What is ChowSpana?:

 With the amount of crazy or cool new food products that are released every month
 around the country, it's no suprise that you can go on Facebook or Twitter and see so questions
 from users asking "Where has this been released?" or "Has anyone seen these in San Francisco?". However,
 Being that only certain brands launch a product locator app for their items, most of theses questions go unanswered.
 With this problem in mind, I decided to create an app using Ruby on Rails and Javascript that would allow users to post about interesting food finds they've made in the
 hopes that everyone will be better able to discover and obtain the food products they are looking for.
 The point here to allow users to enjoy new foods without the hassle of going out and digging through all of the grocery stores
 in their area just to find them.


Functionality:

 ChowSpana allows users to sign-up via email and then start posting or browsing right away.
 When posting a find of their own, users are able to upload an image of the product along with
 a description, price, location(store name), address, city, and state. Other users can then come along,
 and upon discovering a post that is relevant to their interest, can then save that post to
 their favorites, then making it always available to view on their own personal favorites page. On the
 favorites page, users are able to sort their favorites by the date of the posts creation.

 Along with the ability to choose your favorite finds in the app, users can also post comments on each find.
 These are intended for feedback on the items quality or just a heads up as to where it is still available at
 the location specified by the poster.

 Each post's location is also represented by both a static map image available to view by clicking a simple link
 in the post's details, and by a marker on a larger map where each find on the site has it's own marker. By just clicking
 on a find's marker, a user will see the image, city, and state corresponding to that post with a link to that find's
 full details page. This same details page is also accessible by clicking on a product's name on virtually every page in the
 app. Like the product details, the posters details are accesible by clicking on the poster's username. Doing this will
 take you to a page listing both a count of that user's finds and the finds themselves.

Todos:

 My plans for the future of this app is to include a system of categorization for the posts, ie:
 organizing posts by whether they are fast food or grocery items.
